You you
You are all ghosts
They're all here to hurt me, right?
Master Du, what's the matter with you?
Go away go away
I-I was just gone.
I have paid what I should have paid
Why are you still entangled?
I don't want to express my selfishness
No.
Can't do it.
I can't die either
I have a son to raise
Han Mingchuan, do you know him?
Don't force me!
Zhou, calm down
you
Did Baiyun come out and send you to torture me?
It's the coffin soldier
He's dying.
Let him go back quickly
I helped him nail the coffin out
Remove the venom
There may still be a chance
How is that possible?
Don't you understand?
Bai Mingchuan wants to borrow your hand to control Zhou Jianzhou
For his use
Come on, he's dying.
He can't make
He is the key to breaking the game
Get him back